TELCODOCS-1142: MGMT-10209 assisted-service ICSP support (#55836)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-configuring-the-cluster-for-a-disconnected-environment.adoc

      mirror-by-digest-only = true
----
<1> The mirror registry’s certificate used when creating the mirror registry.

> <2> The configuration file for the mirror registry. The mirror registry configuration adds mirror information to `/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Discovery image. The mirror information is stored in the `imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file when passed to the installer. The Assisted Service pod running on the HUB cluster fetches the container images from the configured mirror registry.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The configuration file for the mirror registry. The mirror registry configuration adds mirror information to `/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Discovery image. The mirror information is stored in the `imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file when passed to the installation program. The Assisted Service pod running on the HUB cluster fetches the container images from the configured mirror registry.  
```

Author: Thanks. I'll run this by the SME tomorrow. It may be Assisted Installer.

> <2> The configuration file for the mirror registry. The mirror registry configuration adds mirror information to `/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Discovery image. The mirror information is stored in the `imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file when passed to the installer. The Assisted Service pod running on the HUB cluster configures the mirror registry to allow access. It then fetches images from the mirror registry. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe change last 2 sentences to:
The Assisted Service pod running on the HUB cluster uses the configured mirror registry to fetch the container images.

> <2> The configuration file for the mirror registry. The mirror registry configuration adds `registries.conf` to `/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Ignition config file of the Discovery image, and also to the `imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file as a mirror. The Assisted Service pod converts `registries.conf` into an `imageContentSourcesPolicy` file, and uses it with the `--icsp` flag in a number of `oc adm` commands run against the Release image.

Reviewer 2: This looks good, I would just recommend changing some wording. Maybe something like this (feel free to change it)...

The mirror registry configuration adds  mirror information to`/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Discovery image. The mirror info is stored in the`imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file when passed to the installer. The Assisted Service pod also converts `registries.conf` into an `ImageContentSourcePolicy` file, and uses it with the `--icsp-file` flag in a number of `oc` commands run against the Release image.

> <2> The configuration file for the mirror registry. The mirror registry configuration adds mirror information to `/etc/containers/registries.conf` in the Discovery image. The mirror information is stored in the `imageContentSources` section of the `install-config.yaml` file when passed to the installer. The Assisted Service pod also converts `registries.conf` into an `imageContentSourcesPolicy` file, and uses it with the `--icsp` flag in a number of `oc adm` commands run against the Release image.

Reviewer 3: `--icsp` should be `--icsp-file`

I think that the last sentece about what the assisted service is doing with the mirror information is internal implementation detail, I'm not sure if it belongs in a customer-facing docs.
However, the impact of this implementation detail does matter, in case mirror information was provided the assisted-service (that run on the HUB cluster) will fetch some images from the mirror registry. this means that the assisted-service pod that runs on the HUB needs to be able to resolve the mirror registry.
